Amp360Video/README.md, before:

# Introduction 
The [Azure media player](http://amp.azure.net/libs/amp/latest/docs/index.html) 360 Video is a plugin for AMP aka [Azure media player](http://amp.azure.net/libs/amp/latest/docs/index.html) using BabylonJS in order to facilitate the integration of 360 videos in your Web App.

The plugin supports natively VR headsets (Windows MR...).

[Online Demo of the plugin](http://www.babylonjs.com/Demos/Amp360Video/)

# How to Run Locally
Once the repository has been cloned, open the a command prompt in this folder.

Type the following commands:
```npm install```
```npm start```

You can now access your [local test](http://localhost:1337/)

# How it works
The plugin located in the ```amp-360video``` folder contains a [videojs](https://docs.videojs.com/tutorial-plugins.html) plugin compatible with AMP version 2.1.7.

The plugin depends on BabylonJS in order to enable 3D functionalities in AMP.

For more information about AMP, you can access their [documentation](http://amp.azure.net/libs/amp/latest/docs/index.html).

# How use in your web site
After deploying both the js and css from the ```amp-360video``` folder to your WebSite you can follow the following steps:

## External Resources
Include the following resources in you html:
```
<!-- Link to the last version of BabylonJS -->
<script src="https://preview.babylonjs.com/babylon.js"></script>
<!-- Link to pep.js to ensure pointer events work consistently in all browsers -->
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/pep/0.4.1/pep.js"></script>

<!-- Link to the AMP resources -->
<link href="//amp.azure.net/libs/amp/2.1.7/skins/amp-default/azuremediaplayer.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
<script src="//amp.azure.net/libs/amp/2.1.7/azuremediaplayer.min.js"></script>
```

## Plugin Resources
You can either embed the plugin in your HTML or initialize it by code like specified in the [AMP documentation](http://amp.azure.net/libs/amp/latest/docs/index.html#plugins).

### Html Initialization
Add the **threeSixty plugin** to your video data-setup:
```
<video playsinline crossorigin="anonymous" class="azuremediaplayer amp-default-skin amp-big-play-centered" autoplay controls width="100%" height="100%" data-setup='{ "techOrder": ["azureHtml5JS", "html5"], "plugins": { "threeSixty": { } } }'>
    <source src="//willzhanmswest.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/1f2dd2dd-ee99-40be-aae9-d0c2209982eb/DroneFlightOverLasVegasStripH3Pro7.ism/Manifest" type="application/vnd.ms-sstr+xml" />
    <p class="amp-no-js">
        To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
    </p>
</video>
```

The only difference with your default AMP initialization is the presence of the 360 plugin:
```
"plugins": { "threeSixty": { } }'
```

One example can be found in the index.html file located in this folder.

### Code Initialization
The following code will initializes the plugin in your amp player:
```
var myPlayer = amp('videoPlayer', {
        "nativeControlsForTouch": false,
        autoplay: false,
        controls: true,
        width: "640",
        height: "480",
        poster: "",
        techOrder: ["azureHtml5JS", "html5"], 
        plugins: { 
            "threeSixty": {
                enableVR: true
            }
        }
    }, function() {
        console.log('Good to go!');
        // add an event listener
        this.addEventListener('ended', function() {
            console.log('Finished!');
        });
    });

myPlayer.src([{
    src: "//willzhanmswest.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/1f2dd2dd-ee99-40be-aae9-d0c2209982eb/DroneFlightOverLasVegasStripH3Pro7.ism/Manifest",
    type: "application/vnd.ms-sstr+xml"
}]);
```

One example can be found in the indexCode.html file located in this folder.

## Enable/Disable the VR Button
By default the plugin is delivered with a VR mode avaible through a button shaped like a HMD.

In order to disable the button, you can specify in your options:

### By HTML configuration
In the data-setup plugin section:
```
"plugins": { "threeSixty": { "enableVR": false } }
```

### By code configuration
This works exactly the same as the previous point. In the options of your plugin:
```
plugins: { 
    "threeSixty": {
        enableVR: false
    }
}
```

## Update the camera FOV
By default the plugin is delivered with a camera of a 1.18 radians fov.

In order to change it if needed, you can specify a different value in your options:

### By HTML configuration
In the data-setup plugin section:
```
"plugins": { "threeSixty": { "fov": 1 } }
```

### By code configuration
This works exactly the same as the previous point. In the options of your plugin:
```
plugins: { 
    "threeSixty": {
        fov: 1
    }
}
```

## Update the default camera orientation
In case the camera is not looking at what you expect when the video starts, you can use both options defaultCameraOrientationX and defaultCameraOrientationY to adapt the starting point of the camera to your use case. Those properties are angles respectively around the x and y axis defined in radians.

In order to change them, you can specify a different value in your options:

### By HTML configuration
In the data-setup plugin section:
```
"plugins": { "threeSixty": { "defaultCameraOrientationX": 1 } }
```

### By code configuration
This works exactly the same as the previous point. In the options of your plugin:
```
plugins: { 
    "threeSixty": {
        defaultCameraOrientationY: 1
    }
}
```

## That is all
Your are good to go.

Commit message:

Update to TS and Webpack

Amp360Video/README.md, after:

# Introduction 
The [Azure media player](http://amp.azure.net/libs/amp/latest/docs/index.html) 360 Video is a plugin for AMP aka [Azure media player](http://amp.azure.net/libs/amp/latest/docs/index.html) using BabylonJS in order to facilitate the integration of 360 videos in your Web App.

The plugin supports natively VR headsets (Windows MR...).

[Online Demo of the plugin](http://www.babylonjs.com/Demos/Amp360Video/)

# How to Run Locally
Once the repository has been cloned, open the a command prompt in this folder.

Type the following commands: `npm install` followed by `npm start`.

The hosting web page will automatically open (using webpack-dev-server).

# How it works
The plugin is a [videojs](https://docs.videojs.com/tutorial-plugins.html) plugin compatible with AMP version 2.1.7.

The plugin depends on BabylonJS in order to enable 3D functionalities in AMP.

For more information about AMP, you can access their [documentation](http://amp.azure.net/libs/amp/latest/docs/index.html).

# How use in your web site
After deploying the bundled javascript file ```dist/amp-360video.js``` to your WebSite you can follow the steps below.

> Note: if you were using the plugin before, you might have needed to reference Babylon.js in your site. We have now released a bundle ensuring the smallest delivery of Babylon.

## External Resources
Include the following resources in you html:
```
<!-- Link to pep.js to ensure pointer events work consistently in all browsers -->
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/pep/0.4.1/pep.js"></script>

<!-- Link to the AMP resources -->
<link href="//amp.azure.net/libs/amp/2.1.7/skins/amp-default/azuremediaplayer.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
<script src="//amp.azure.net/libs/amp/2.1.7/azuremediaplayer.min.js"></script>
```

## Plugin Setup
You can either embed the plugin in your HTML or initialize it by code like specified in the [AMP documentation](http://amp.azure.net/libs/amp/latest/docs/index.html#plugins).

### Html Initialization
Add the **threeSixty plugin** to your video data-setup:
```
<video playsinline crossorigin="anonymous" class="azuremediaplayer amp-default-skin amp-big-play-centered" autoplay controls width="100%" height="100%" data-setup='{ "techOrder": ["azureHtml5JS", "html5"], "plugins": { "threeSixty": { } } }'>
    <source src="//willzhanmswest.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/1f2dd2dd-ee99-40be-aae9-d0c2209982eb/DroneFlightOverLasVegasStripH3Pro7.ism/Manifest" type="application/vnd.ms-sstr+xml" />
    <p class="amp-no-js">
        To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
    </p>
</video>
```

The only difference with your default AMP initialization is the presence of the 360 plugin:
```
"plugins": { "threeSixty": { } }'
```

One example can be found in the index.html file located in this folder.

### Code Initialization
The following code will initializes the plugin in your amp player:
```
var myPlayer = amp('videoPlayer', {
        "nativeControlsForTouch": false,
        autoplay: false,
        controls: true,
        width: "640",
        height: "480",
        poster: "",
        techOrder: ["azureHtml5JS", "html5"], 
        plugins: { 
            "threeSixty": {
                enableVR: true
            }
        }
    }, function() {
        console.log('Good to go!');
        // add an event listener
        this.addEventListener('ended', function() {
            console.log('Finished!');
        });
    });

myPlayer.src([{
    src: "//willzhanmswest.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/1f2dd2dd-ee99-40be-aae9-d0c2209982eb/DroneFlightOverLasVegasStripH3Pro7.ism/Manifest",
    type: "application/vnd.ms-sstr+xml"
}]);
```

One example can be found in the indexCode.html file located in this folder.

## Enable/Disable the VR Button
By default the plugin is delivered with a VR mode avaible through a button shaped like a HMD.

In order to disable the button, you can specify in your options:

### By HTML configuration
In the data-setup plugin section:
```
"plugins": { "threeSixty": { "enableVR": false } }
```

### By code configuration
This works exactly the same as the previous point. In the options of your plugin:
```
plugins: { 
    "threeSixty": {
        enableVR: false
    }
}
```

## Update the camera FOV
By default the plugin is delivered with a camera of a 1.18 radians fov.

In order to change it if needed, you can specify a different value in your options:

### By HTML configuration
In the data-setup plugin section:
```
"plugins": { "threeSixty": { "fov": 1 } }
```

### By code configuration
This works exactly the same as the previous point. In the options of your plugin:
```
plugins: { 
    "threeSixty": {
        fov: 1
    }
}
```

## Update the default camera orientation
In case the camera is not looking at what you expect when the video starts, you can use both options defaultCameraOrientationX and defaultCameraOrientationY to adapt the starting point of the camera to your use case. Those properties are angles respectively around the x and y axis defined in radians.

In order to change them, you can specify a different value in your options:

### By HTML configuration
In the data-setup plugin section:
```
"plugins": { "threeSixty": { "defaultCameraOrientationX": 1 } }
```

### By code configuration
This works exactly the same as the previous point. In the options of your plugin:
```
plugins: { 
    "threeSixty": {
        defaultCameraOrientationY: 1
    }
}
```

## That is all
Your are good to go.
