recastjs/readme.md, before:

## What is recastjs

recastjs is a port of recastnavigation and a thin abstraction layer using emscripten. https://github.com/emscripten-core/emscripten
This port allows the use of recastnavigation in your browser using JavaScript or WebAssembly.

## What is recast ?

Recast is a navigation mesh construction toolset for games. 
Recast is accompanied by Detour, a spatial reasoning toolkit. 
You can use any navigation mesh with Detour, but of course the data generated by Recast fits perfectly.
The crowd management module provides you with features for agents handling and behavior customization

Some documentation is available here : http://masagroup.github.io/recastdetour/index.html

## How to build recastjs?

You'll need emscripten with an active environment and mingw32-make for Windows (make for Linux). 

The build script can generate JS or WASM.
to generate JS:

`python make.py`

to generate WASM:

`python make.py wasm`

The build output will be in the build directory.

## How to extend recastjs

Recast/Detour can be difficult to use directly. A simplification layer is done thru src/recastjs.h/.cpp. All the functionnalities have to be exposed to JS by the IDL file. 
Basically, that file lists all the structures, classes, methods visible to JS. The glue generation and build is handled ny make.py script. Any new functionnality should be written in recastjs.cpp file and exposed by the IDL
For more information on Web IDL : https://emscripten.org/docs/porting/connecting_cpp_and_javascript/WebIDL-Binder.html

## License

Recastjs is licensed under the same terms as Recastnavigation.

Commit message:

git submodule init in readme

recastjs/readme.md, after:

## What is recastjs

recastjs is a port of recastnavigation and a thin abstraction layer using emscripten. https://github.com/emscripten-core/emscripten
This port allows the use of recastnavigation in your browser using JavaScript or WebAssembly.

## What is recast ?

Recast is a navigation mesh construction toolset for games. 
Recast is accompanied by Detour, a spatial reasoning toolkit. 
You can use any navigation mesh with Detour, but of course the data generated by Recast fits perfectly.
The crowd management module provides you with features for agents handling and behavior customization

Some documentation is available here : http://masagroup.github.io/recastdetour/index.html

## How to build recastjs?

First, update the Git Submodule using `git submodule update --init` in the recastjs folder.
You'll need emscripten with an active environment and mingw32-make for Windows (make for Linux). 

The build script can generate JS or WASM.
to generate JS:

`python make.py`

to generate WASM:

`python make.py wasm`

The build output will be in the build directory.

## How to extend recastjs

Recast/Detour can be difficult to use directly. A simplification layer is done thru src/recastjs.h/.cpp. All the functionnalities have to be exposed to JS by the IDL file. 
Basically, that file lists all the structures, classes, methods visible to JS. The glue generation and build is handled ny make.py script. Any new functionnality should be written in recastjs.cpp file and exposed by the IDL
For more information on Web IDL : https://emscripten.org/docs/porting/connecting_cpp_and_javascript/WebIDL-Binder.html

## License

Recastjs is licensed under the same terms as Recastnavigation.
